Lu Ming, you and Huzi are brothers who passed away
Huzi entrusted Chu Tang to you
I believe you will not fail in the future
Uncle don't worry
I won't let Chutang suffer the slightest grievance in the future
I'm relieved with your words.
I see you two are going to get the certificate tomorrow, Dad
My brother just died
You let me get the certificate from him
What's it called?
Besides, now you want me to marry him?
Let me see what kind of person he is
I respect the idea of going out.
Report to the Dragon King
Subordinate to find out
Be flexible and ask for seven emotions with your death
If you don't agree, I'll deal with it. Okay.
Then you work first
Don't forget to go home for dinner tomorrow
Dragon King Age
subordinate Cha Dao
One of the murderers of the same age as Li Hu in Huigong
That is the godfather of the Hongmen, a local force in Zhonghai
Hong Haiqing Hong Haiqing
In addition
The hero will always look back on the hero and the mad dragon king to meet
Yes
The dinosaur slaves under his subordinates see the dragon king